Preview 13 Ready for update (#16)
infinyon/stateful-dataflows-examples: primitives/key-value/chained/README.MD

# Chained Key/Value Example

> This example demonstrates the engine behavior for passing keys between while chaining operators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates the engine behavior for passing keys between chained operators. 
```

Author: Nice rewording. Thanks.

* See the [dataflow.yaml](./dataflow.yaml) to see how we've configured the dataflow.
* Make sure to [Install SDF and start a Fluvio cluster].

### Run DataFlow

With the `dataflow.yaml` file in the current directory, run the following commands:

```bash
sdf run
```

### Test DataFlow

We've created a sample data file to load records into a fluvio topic. Let's view the file:

```bash
cat ./sample-data/users.txt 
```

```bash
1001>{"name":"Alice", "age":10}
1002>{"name":"Bob", "age":17}
2003>{"name":"Charlie", "age":24}    
```

Produce the data to the `user` topic:

```bash
fluvio produce user-input --key-separator ">" -f ./sample-data/users.txt
```

Checkout the data in `user` topic:

```bash
fluvio consume user-input -Bd -k
```

```bash
[1001] {"name":"Alice", "age":10}
[1002] {"name":"Bob", "age":17}
[2003] {"name":"Charlie", "age":24}
```

Consume from `user-output` to retrieve the result:

```bash
fluvio consume user-output -Bd -k
```

```bash
[child] {"age":10,"id":"1001","location":"New York","name":"Alice"}
[child] {"age":17,"id":"1002","location":"New York","name":"Bob"}
[adult] {"age":24,"id":"2003","location":"California","name":"Charlie"}
```

> The existing `key` was into the `value` and a new `key` was assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing `key` was merged into the `value` and a new `key` was assigned.
```
